https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6250 (#5301)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

    --type=kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson
----

> *Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster by link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret], ensure that your pull secret in observability name space is also updated accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster using the {ocp-short} documentation, update the global pull secret in the observability namespace similarly.  See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret] for more details.
```
